Fozzy back in the lineup
so wanted rice forward
I'm trying to let food shot at Hamline
about 30 minutes left that came close in
a similar position but he from Scotland
is an absolute cracker Scotland eat the
lead in Sony inside three minutes what
an outstanding Street you know there's
your quasi long fingers got your shirt
please your weed really good touch
me don't let it go wait see the girl
eats to keep it indulgence empty yonder
into the top corner
the man who sparkles to Manchester
United and Scotland the Scott set him up
with it set up a lovely forum and ice
it's that great Street now they said it
going no chance
well doesn't mean much to Scotland you
bet it does you said this was
meaningless in fighting for it dead well
played it through Fletcher for corner
watching
the chance that comes his way
it's one of his best talent wage of the
flicker move but wonderful punish the
O'Connor and to Fletcher Fletcher trying
to get there the second ball will come
Scotland's way there's the Ames
connection on a plays at battle ball
gets cleaner weighed into court hardly
can he score
the victim is complete it's his first
gold breeze country three cracking old
Scotland from leading three girls - now
you said they own the road for you can
admit what seemed to be equals for
Stockwell I tell you what I think that
goes looking the delight is clear for
all to see it was a sweet move from
Scotland a very vision build up the hips
connection there Fletcher and their poor
hardly knew precisely what he wanted to
do and for heart race cars and standing
policy array of villains the Builder in
all the way open posted with one to
touch football and no the Gorky but I
think me poor Hartley's main over the
execution of severe and he deserves a
goal or really didn't oppose what this
sock talk